# VNSystem Tag Documentation      ## Tags:   1. Branch  2. Pose  3. Dialogue  4. Emotion  5. EndOfLine  6. Jump  8. TestTag  9. WaitForConfirm    ### 1\. Branch    This tag allows the player to make a choice, using the ChoiceBox widget, and jump to a designated Dialogue line using its ID.    **Text0**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID0**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text1**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID1**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text2**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID2**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text3**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID3**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text4**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID4**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text5**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID5**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text6**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID6**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Text7**: string, Text that will be displayed on this choice.  **LineID7**: string, ID of the DialogueLine to jump to.  **Skip**: bool (optional, true by default), true to remove the confirm tags from this dialogue line, essentially jumping to the designated line ID once a choice has been made.  ###### Example:   >           ### 2\. Pose   ###### Alias(es): Outfit, Emotion, Extra.  This tag changes the (visual) state of a character (CharacterWidget). Each character has a few different layers, each of which can have their own state: Pose (body), Outfit, Emotion, and Extra (accessories).    **State**: string, The name of the State (for the extra layer, this will serve as a toggle to turn off states that are currently active).  **Animation**: int (optional), ID of the animation to play, 0 for default.  **Character**: string (optional), which character this state change needs to be applied to, if unspecified the Actor of the DialogueLine will be used.  ###### Example:   >           ### 3\. Dialogue    Simple Dialogue tag, mainly for internal use.
 When a script is read, regular text is captured and sent to this tag as parameter to be displayed in the DialogueBox widget.    **Text**: string, The Text to display.  **Instant**: bool, Whether to instantly display the text, if false CPS will be used.  **CPS**: int or float, the speed at which the text will be displayed, in Characters-Per-Second.  ###### Example:   >           ### 4\. Emotion    This tag communicates which emotion or character state has to be set for the selected character.    **ID**: string, case insensitive ID that corresponds to an emotion or character state inside the character widget.  **Transition**: int, optional, transition mode: 0, instant (default); 1, fade;.  **Wait**: bool, optional, whether to wait for the transition to finish (default = false).  **CharacterID**: string, optional, ID for the character that this tag needs to apply to (default is the actor of this dialogue line).  ###### Example:   >           ### 5\. EndOfLine    This tag is automatically added to the end of the queue, to let the SceneManager know that we have reached the end of the dialogue line.    ###### Example:   >           ### 6\. Jump    This tag will jump from the current line to the designated line.    **ID**: string, ID of which line to jump to.  **Instant**: bool (optional, default: false), true will instant jump to the designated ID, without completing the current line.  ###### Example:   >                   ### 8\. TestTag    .    **Wait**:   **Test**:   **abc**:   **bool**:   ###### Example:   >           ### 9\. WaitForConfirm   ###### Alias(es): Confirm.  This tag waits for user confirmation before finishing. Is automatically added to the end of each DialogueLine.    ###### Example:   >           